So what is RAPID?
To start the letters in RAPID
stand for the key roles involved.
You'll often hear
these roles referred to as letters
rather than their full name.
The R: Recommend.
Running a successful RAPID
largely depends on Recommend's management.
This role is in charge of running the show
by making sure the right people
are in the right roles, running
the tactical pieces of the process,
and ultimately building a business case
and presenting
the final recommendation.
The A: Agree.
In order for the 'R'
to present their recommendation
to the person making the decision,
they must partner with the 'A.'
The 'A's role here is to
make sure
they provide their critical expertise
and work together with the 'R' on
any revisions needed
if the recommendation doesn't pass
their standards.
The P: Perform.
The 'P' helps ensure that any rapid decision
actually comes to fruition.
Once the decision has been made.
The 'P' is responsible
for leading the implementation
as soon as possible.
As such, most of this role's
responsibilities
will happen after the decision.
The I: Input.
The 'I' is the foundation
for building a solid recommendation.
Think of these as your subject matter
experts.
This role plays an early and critical part
in providing the R with high quality
information
and expertise.
As a best practice, this role will include
perspectives from people, teams,
or functions who have direct knowledge
and expertise of the matter at hand.
Finally, because Twilio is fully committed
to becoming an anti-racist company,
input should contain
inclusive perspectives
informed by our anti-racism framework.
DEI will often serve
as an 'I,' providing
input to consider relative to the business
decision, though
may be elevated to A where appropriate.
The D: Decide.
When you hear someone ask "who has the 'D?'"
this is the role they're talking about.
This person is responsible
for committing the organization
to action based on 'R's recommendation,
holding the 'P' accountable for execution,
and ultimately communicating
the outcomes and lessons
learned regardless of success.